Clarify the relationship of ASP.NET Identity, IdentityServer4 and Microsoft identity platform (#25765)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/security/authentication/identity.md

[Microsoft identity platform](/azure/active-directory/develop/) is:

* An evolution of the Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) developer platform.

> * An alternative identity solution for authentication and authorization in ASP.NET Core applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An alternative identity solution for authentication and authorization in ASP.NET Core apps.
* Not related to ASP.NET Core Identity.
```

In this topic, you learn how to use Identity to register, log in, and log out a user. Note: the templates treat username and email as the same for users. For more detailed instructions about creating apps that use Identity, see [Next Steps](#next).

[Microsoft identity platform](/azure/active-directory/develop/) is:
* An evolution of the Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) developer platform.

> * An alternative identity solution for authentication and authorization in ASP.NET Core applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An alternative identity solution for authentication and authorization in ASP.NET Core apps.
* Not related to ASP.NET Core Identity.
```
